>> Sarah Drasner: Let's talk
about staggers for a second.
So there's CSS, there's SASS,
and there's GSAP.
It's the same animation for
both, for all three.
So how do we write it in each?
I have some HAML to
just spin up some bars.
If you don't know what HAML is,
don't worry about it.
[LAUGH] CSS, I would say,
@keyframes staggerFoo to
background: orange;
transform: rotate(90deg);.
And then I would say nth-child(1),
and I have staggerFoo and
then I have this delay that
increases per unit, right?
One, two, three, four.
And one of the problems with this is that
if I add more units, I have to add more.
And it's very repetitive, right?
It's kind of against those DRY
principles that we talk about sometimes.
SASS is a little bit better.
We've got the same keyframes,
and then I can use a SASS for
loop to kind of apply
that to every nth child.
This starts to look a little squirrely.
I mean, it's fine, but
it's not the most legible thing if
you don't work with SASS a lot.
And we have that same problem of,
if I wanted to add more units I
didn't have to go change this, yeah?
Here's what it is in GSAP.
It's just one place TweenMax.staggerTo I
go grab all the bars.
And in this case,
can be any amount of bars.
You can add 100 more bars and
it's the same code.
One backgroundColor: orange,
rotation: 90, ease: Sine.easeout.
And then we say 0.1,
0.1 is the amount in between each one.
So remember how we increase
the delay every time by 0.1,
this is the delay that
we have between them.
Pretty cool?
So that stagger,
I'm gonna go over these just a few times,
just a few little repetitions,
because this is the most important part.
All of the things that we learn towards
the end of the day is all based on you
understanding this syntax and
this timeline so
you can do more cool, cool stuff.
Okay, so stagger, so things like stagger
are kinda complicated to do in CSS
animation and
in GSAP are one line of code.
So we can do all of those boxes.
I mean, again, this code does all of that.
And it looks really classy, right?
I didn't do that much to make it look so
classy.
I have an ease, that's an elastic easeout,
and I have a stagger, too.
So I'm grabbing all the squares,
again, could add more squares,
could get less squares.
This is the delay between each one, and
then I rotate them, and
basically they all just kinda fall.
So I have a delay here,
I have two of these two tween maxes,
they happen at the same time.
So in order to add another one,
I can either delay it or
we can start to use the timeline.
And the timeline will allow us to
just kind of follow each other.
So you can write it like this if you want,
but
I'll show you how the timelines
work in just a second, too.